v2 volume: change default hugepage to 2048 MiB (#837)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/deploy/important-notes/index.md

Once you successfully upgrade to version v1.6.0, you will be able to view information about engine image versions on the UI.

## V2 Data Engine

### Support for ARM64 Platform

As of Longhorn v1.6.0, volumes using the V2 Data Engine support the ARM64 platform. For more information, see [Prerequisites](../../spdk/prerequisites/).

### Upgrading Longhorn Systems

Longhorn currently does not support live upgrading of V2 volumes. Ensure that all V2 volumes are detached before initiating the upgrade process.

### Increase Default HugePage Size to 2 GiB

> To increase the quantity of v2 volumes and enhance user experience, the default HugePage Size for the V2 Data Engine has been raised to 2 GiB. Prior to the upgrade, ensure the configuration of the HugePage size to 2 GiB on each node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default huge page size for the V2 Data Engine has been raised to 2 GiB, allowing the creation of more V2 volumes and enhancing the overall user experience. Before upgrading to v1.6.0, ensure that the configured huge page size on each node is 2 GiB.
```

Reviewer: I used "huge page" instead of "HugePage" to align with the [Linux kernel doc](https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/vm/hugetlbpage.txt).
